Transcription: hello all my name is krish Naik and welcome to my YouTube channel so guys yes this particular video is again related to some advice and guidance
 that I really want to provide you all and yes in this video I am going to talk about AI I want to go to provide you some kind of advice at least to start learning 
AI and there is a reason why I am specifically saying you this I am not saying that ok and goal should be probably making a transition working in some AI companies 
analytics industry not as such but start incorporating AI in your day to day life evolving a lot of new things are probably coming up initially we had machine 
learning deep learning not generally models and probably in the upcoming two years definitely a lot of companies are come going to come up with different different 
Startup ideas just using this kind of LLB models where they are specifically solving some kind of problem ok but my advice will be that you know start learning AI
 to incorporate the capabilities that you can actually put in your day to day activities you know as you know data data Speaks a lot you know and if you probably
 know AI machine learning deep learning trust me you will be able to explore many more information from that specific data and not saying that ok learn just to get
 a job but instead learn to make yourself more productive and you can definitely do that I know many people are working in different domains different technologies 
in different programming language they have been a different work but at least have an idea about AI start incorporating that in your life you may be thinking Crush 
you are a youtuber you are doing it for your purpose you know you may gain subscribers you may probably bring up your telling people to buy courses I am not saying 
nothing as such I am saying that wherever you get some sources learning at not my channel at least from somewhere else is so many open source documentation that are
 available you know once you start incorporating it trust me opportunities are them anymore in the world not only see if you don't want to work anyway at least use 
it in your personal life right you have your financial data right you have your let's say I'll give you one example one of my friend is call me this morning right 
he was saying the crush I am running a business you know I have this specific use cases and this is only possible because of machine learning can you help me out in
 this you know that I also want to learn this now let it be a business create you are a person who is running a business you are a person who is working on some of 
the other thing and there if you get a bit of chances of automatic things trust me I will come into picture ok and this is super important this is the advice that 
I really want to give to everyone ok my main aim is to democracy this AI education to everyone that is the reason why I have come up with this YouTube channel when 
I specifically upload videos related to everything that is in Ai tomorrow anything that probably comes I will be explaining you I will be teaching you I will be 
showing you multiple examples you know yeah it is up to you whether you want to make it as a full-time opportunity whether you want to learn it in such a way that 
you may probably get a job but start incorporating it is up to you guys I am not forcing you but starting it try to use it in your day to day practices you will be
 able to see the changes have seen some of my friends getting productive you know I have my cousin brother who is working in US and from past two years you know 
he is working his architect working with something else some other Technology some other domain but still he has started using AI in his day to day activities and
 this is the most important advice that I really want to give it to you right again my to democracy education to everyone that is the reason I am uploading this 
many number of videos with respect to learning anything it is up to you find out any sources but start learning this is the advice that I really want to give it to
 you because you will be seeing how much changes it is going to come up in the upcoming 2 years right now lines in is going on you can actually create your own 
LLM models you know I was just solving a use case right now what are documents I have let's say I want to I want to probably create an LLM model with respect to 
my data and I was seeing that I had a 2GB of files that is present PDF files which are a lot of content I was able to train my own chat box so this kind of 
examples will definitely come up I'll show you how you can probably train it right but I want to do it for my day today let's say that I have my Excel sheet of all 
the expenditures all the expenses that I am doing right in some format right I can also train that specific thing Malayalam models can I give an advice where 
I can probably save some money right this is just one some of the examples that I really want to come up with in front of you right lot of applications will 
be there and definitely do make sure that you take up this advice take it seriously not for making not for working full time at least but at least try to 
incorporate this knowledge in your life so yes I hope you like this particular video if you like this I'll see all in the next video I have a great day thank you
 wonder take care


Chunk 1: hello my name is Krishna and welcome to my YouTube channel so guys yes this particular video is again related to some advice and guidance that I really 
want to provide you all and yes in this video I'm going to talk about AI I want to go to provide you some kind of advice at least to start learning Ai and there is 
a reason why I am specifically saying you're this I'm not saying that okay your end goal should be probably making a transition working in some
Chunk 2: my companies are ticks industry not as such but start incorporating AI in your day-to-day lives a is evolving a lot lot of new things are probably coming 
up initially we had machine learning deep learning now generative models and probably in the upcoming 2 years definitely a lot of companies are going to come up with
 different different start-up ideas just using this kind of llm models where they are specifically solving some kind of problem okay
Chunk 3: but my advice will be that you know start learning AI to incorporate the capabilities that you can actually put in your day-to-day activities you know as you
 know data data speaks a lot you know and if you probably know AI machine learning deep learning trust me you will be able to explore many more information from that 
specific data I'm not saying that okay Lauren just to get a job but instead learn to make
Chunk 4: how much more productive and you can definitely do that I know many people are working in different domains different Technologies and different programming
 language they're having a different work but at least have an idea about AI start incorporating that in your life you may be thinking Chris you are a YouTuber you 
are doing it for your purpose you know you may gain subscribers you may probably bring up your telling people to buy courses I'm not saying nothing as such I'm saying 
that wherever you get some sources
Chunk 5: learning and not my Channel at least from somewhere else there's so many open source documentation that are available you know once you start incorporating 
it trust me opportunities are there any more in the world not only see if you don't want to work anyway at least use it in your personal life right you have your 
financial data right you have your let's say I'll give you an example one of my friends called me this morning right he was saying the Christian I'm running a 
business you know I have this specific use cases and this is only
Chunk 6: play possible because of machine learning can you help me out in this you know and he's saying he's purposely saying that I also want to learn this now you 
know let it be a business creator of you are a person who is running a business you are a person who who is working on some of the other thing and then if you get a 
bit of chances of automating things trust me I will come into picture okay and this is super important this is the advice that I really want to give to everyone okay 
again
Chunk 7: play my main aim is to democratize this AI education to everyone that is the reason why I have come up with this YouTube channel but I specifically upload 
videos related to everything that is in a year tomorrow anything that probably comes I will be explaining you I will be teaching you I will be showing you multiple 
examples you know yeah it is up to you whether you want to make it as a full-time opportunity whether you want to learn it in such a way that you may probably get a 
job but start incorporating it is up to you guys I'm not forcing you but starting
Chunk 8: try to use it in your day-to-day practices you will be able to see the changes I've seen some of my friends getting productive you know I have my cousin 
brother who's working in us and from past 2 years you know he's working he's an architect working in something else some other technology some other domain but still
 he has started using AI in his day-to-day activities and he can see that productivity right and this is the most important advice that I really want to give it to 
you right again my meaning
Chunk 9: change to democratize AI education to everyone that is the reason why I'm uploading this many number of videos with respect to learning anything it is up to 
you find out any sources but start learning this is the advice that I really want to give it to you because you will be seeing how much changes it is going to come 
up in the upcoming 2 years right now launching is going on you can actually create your own little models you know I was just solving a use case right now you know 
whatever documents I have let's say
Chunk 10: I want to I want to probably create an alarm model with respect to my data right I was just seeing that I had a 2GB of files that is present a PDF files
 which are a lot of content I was able to train my own chatbot so this kind of examples will definitely come up I'll show you how you can probably train it right but
 I want to do it for my day-to-day purposely let's say that I have my Excel sheets of all the expenditures all the expenses that I'm doing alright in some format 
right I can also train that specific thing


whisper 

An Important Advice-AI .wav

Hello all, my name is Krashanayak and welcome to my YouTube channel. So guys, yes, this particular video is again related to some advice, some guidance that I really want to provide you all. And yes, in this video, I'm going to talk about AI. I want to go to provide you some kind of advice at least to start learning AI. And there is a reason why I am specifically saying you this. I'm not saying that, okay that your end goal should be probably making a transition, working in some AI companies, analytics industry, not as such, but start incorporating AI in your day to day lives. AI is evolving a lot, a lot of new things are probably coming up. Initially, we had machine learning, deep learning, now, generally AI, L LLM models and probably in the upcoming two years definitely a lot of companies are going to come up with different different startup ideas just using this kind of LLM models where they are specifically solving some kind of problem. But my advice will be that start learning AI to incorporate the capabilities that you can actually put in your day to day activities, you know, as you know, data, data speaks a lot, you know, and if you probably know AI, machine learning, deep learning, trust me you will be able to explore many more information from that specific data. I'm not saying that okay learn just to get a job but instead learn to make yourself more productive and you can definitely do that. I know many people are working in different domains, different technologies and different programming languages, they are having a different work but at least have an idea about AI, start incorporating that in your life. You may be thinking, Chris, you are a YouTuber, you're doing it for your purpose. You know, you may gain subscribers, you may probably bring up, you're telling people to buy courses. I'm not saying nothing as such. I'm saying that wherever you get some sources, start learning it, not my channel, at least from somewhere else. There's so many open source documentation that are available. You know, once you start incorporating it, trust me, opportunities are there many more in the world, not only see if you don't want to work anywhere, at least use it in your personal life. Right? You have your financial data, right? You have your, let's say, I'll give you one example. One of my friends just called me this morning, right? He was saying that I'm running a business, you know, I have this specific use cases and this is only possible because of machine learning. Can you help me out in this? You know, and he's saying, he's purposely saying that I also want to learn this now. Let it be a business creator, you are a person who is running a business, you are a person who is working on some or the other thing. And there if you get a bit of chances of automating things, trust me, AI will come into picture. Okay. And this is super important democratize this AI education to everyone. That is the reason I have come up with this YouTube channel where I specifically upload videos related to everything that is in AI. Tomorrow anything that probably comes, I will be explaining you. I will be teaching you. I will be showing you multiple examples. It is up to you whether you want to make it as a full time opportunity, whether you want to learn it in such a way that you may probably get a job but start incorporating it. It is up to you guys. I'm not forcing you but start incorporating it. Try to use it in your day to day practices. You will be able to see the changes. I've seen some of my friends getting productive. You know, I have my cousin brother who is working in US and from past two years, you know, he's working in some, he's a architect working in something else, some other technology, some other domain, but still he has started using AI in his day to day activities and you can see that productivity. And this is the most important advice that I really want to give it to you. Again, my main aim is to democratize AI education to everyone. That is the reason why I'm uploading this many number of videos with respect to learning anything. It is up to you. Find out any sources but start learning. This is the advice I want to give to you. Because you will be seeing how much changes it is going to come up in the upcoming two years. Right now, Lanchin is going on. You can actually create your own LLM models. I was just solving a use case right now. Whatever documents I have, let's say I want to probably create an LLM model with respect to my data. I was just seeing that I had a 2GB of files that is present, PDF files which had a lot of content, I was able to train my own chatbot. So this kind of examples will definitely come up. I'll show you how you can probably train it. Right. But I want to do it for my day to day purpose. and my LLM models can give advice where I can probably save some money. This is just one of the examples that I really want to come up with in front of you. A lot of applications will be there and definitely do make sure that you take up this advice, take it seriously, not for making, not for working full time at least, but at least try to incorporate this knowledge in your life. So yes, I hope you like this particular video. If you like this, I'll see you all in the next video. Have a great day. Thank you, Wanda. Bye-bye, take care.


without whisper 

Transcription: hello all my name is krish Naik and welcome to my YouTube channel so guys yes this particular video is again related to some advice and guidance that I really want to provide you all and yes in this video I am going to talk about AI I want to go to provide you some kind of advice at least to start learning AI and there is a reason why I am specifically saying you this I am not saying that ok and goal should be probably making a transition working in some AI companies analytics industry not as such but start incorporating AI in your day to day life evolving a lot of new things are probably coming up initially we had machine learning deep learning models and probably in the upcoming two years definitely a lot of companies are coming to come up with different different Startup ideas just using this kind of LLB models where they are specifically solving some kind of problem ok but my advice will be that you know start learning AI to incorporate the capabilities that you can actually put in your day-to-day activities you know as you know data data Speaks a lot you know and if you probably know AI machine learning deep learning trust me you will be able to explore many more information from that specific data and not saying that ok learn just to get a job but instead learn to make yourself more productive and you can definitely do that I know many people are working in different domains different technologies in different programming language they have been a different work but at least have an idea about AI start incorporating that in your life you may be thinking Crush you are a youtuber you are doing it for your purpose you know you may gain subscribers you may probably bring up your telling people to buy courses I am not saying nothing as such I am saying that wherever you get some sources learning at not my channel at least from somewhere else is so many open source documentation that are available you know once you start incorporating it trust me opportunities are there many more in the world not only see if you don't want to work anyway at least use it in your personal life right you have your financial data right you have your let's say I'll give you one example one of my friend is call me this morning right he was saying the Krishna I am running a business you know I have this specific use cases and this is only possible because of machine learning can you help me out in this you know that I also want to learn this now let it be a business create you are a person who is running a business you are a person who is working on some of the other thing and there if you get a bit of chances of automatic things trust me I will come into picture ok and this is super important this is the advice that I really want to give to everyone ok my name is to democracy this AI education to everyone that is the reason why I have come up with this YouTube channel very specifically upload videos related to everything that is in Ai tomorrow anything that probably comes I will be explaining you I will be teaching you I will be showing you multiple examples you know yeah it is up to you whether you want to make it as a full-time opportunity weather you want to learn it in such a way that you may probably get a job but start incorporating it is up to you guys I am not forcing you but starting it try to use it in your day to day practices you will be able to see the changes have seen some of my friends getting productive you know I have my cousin brother who is working in US and from past two years you know his working his architect working with something else some other Technology some other domain but still he has started using AI in his day to day activities and this is the most important advice that I really want to give it to you again my to democracy education to everyone that is the reason I am uploading this many number of videos with respect to learning anything it is up to you find out any sources but start learning this is the advice that I really want to give it to you because you will be seeing how much changes it is going to come up in the upcoming 2 years right now lines in is going on you can actually create your own LLM models you know I was just solving a use case right now whatever documents I have let's say I want to I want to problem create an LLM model with respect to my data and I was seeing that I had a 2GB of files that is present PDF files which are a lot of content I was able to train my own chat box so this kind of examples will definitely come up and I'll show you how you can probably train it right but I want to do it for my day today let's say that I have my Excel sheet of all the expenditures all the expenses that I am doing right in some format right I can also train that specific thing Malayalam models can I give an advice where I can probably save some money right this is just one some of the examples that I really want to come up with in front of you right lot of applications will be there and definitely do make sure that you take up this advice take it seriously not for making not for working full time at least but at least try to incorporate this knowledge in your life so yes I hope you like this particular video if you like this I have a great day and thank you wonder bye bye take care


chunks 

Chunk 1: hello all my name is krish Naik and welcome to my YouTube channel so guys yes this particular video is again related to some advice and guidance that I really want to provide you all and yes in this video I am going to talk about AI I want to go to provide you some kind of advice at least to start learning AI and there is a reason why I am specifically saying you this I am not saying that ok and goal should be probably making a transition working in some
Chunk 2: companies analytics industry not as such but start incorporating AI in your day to day lives ai's evolving a lot lot of new things are probably coming up initially we had machine learning deep learning models and probably in the upcoming two years definitely lot of companies are come going to come up with different different Startup ideas just using this kind of LLM models where they are specifically solving some kind of problem ok
Chunk 3: but my advice will be that you know start learning AI to incorporate the capabilities that you can actually put in your day-to-day activities you know as you know data data Speaks a lot you know and if you probably know AI machine learning deep learning trust me you will be able to explore many more information from that specific data and not saying that ok learn just to get a job but instead learn to make
Chunk 4: more productive and you can definitely do that I know many people are working in different domains different Technologies and different programming language they having a different work but at least have an idea about AI start incorporating that in your life you may be thinking Crush you are a youtuber you are doing it for your purpose you know you may gain subscribers you may probably bring up your telling people to buy courses I am not saying nothing as such I am saying that wherever you get some sources
Chunk 5: learning at not my channel at least from somewhere else is so many open source documentation that are available you know once you start incorporating it trust me opportunities are there many more in the world not only see if you don't want to work anyway at least use it in your personal life right you have your financial data right you have your let's say I'll give you one example one of my friend is called me this morning right he was saying the question I am running a business you know I have this specific use cases and this is
Chunk 6: possible because of machine learning can you help me out in this you know and he is saying his purposely saying that I also want to learn the snap you know let it be a business create you are a person who is running a business you are a person who who is working on some of the other thing and there if you get a bit of chances of automatic things trust me AI will come into picture ok and this is super important this is the advice that I really want to give to everyone ok again
Chunk 7: my name is to democracy education to everyone that is the reason why I have come up with this YouTube channel when I specifically upload videos related to everything that is in Ai tomorrow anything that probably comes I will be explaining you I will be teaching you I will be showing you multiple examples you know yeah it is up to you whether you want to make it as a full-time opportunity whether you want to learn it in such a way that you may probably get a job but start incorporating it is up to you guys I am not forcing you but start
Chunk 8: getting it try to use it in your day to day practices you will be able to see the changes at seen some of my friends getting productive you know I have my cousin brother who is working in US and from past two years you know he is working in his architect working with something else some other Technology some other domain but still he has started using AI in his day to day activities and this is the most important advice that I really want to give it to you right again my
Chunk 9: to democracy education to everyone that is the reason I am uploading this many number of videos with respect to learning anything it is up to you find out any sources but start learning this is the advice that I really want to give it to you because you will be seeing how much changes it is going to come up in the upcoming 2 years right now lines in is going on you can actually create your own LLM models you know I was just solving a use case right now whatever documents I have let's say
Chunk 10: I want to I want to probably create an LLM model with respect to my data and I was just seeing that I had a 2GB of files that is present PDF files which are a lot of content I was able to train my own chat box so this kind of examples will definitely come up I will show you how you can probably train it right but I want to do it for my day to day purpose see let's say that I have my Excel sheets of all the expenditures all the expenses that I am doing right in some format right I can also train that specific thing


whisper video to text

Devin AI Capabilities,What Can First AI Software Engineer Do_ Future Of Software Engineering.mp4

 Hello, my name is Krishnayak and welcome to my YouTube channel. So guys, I hope for the past couple of days you have seen a lot of videos related to Devon, the first AI software engineer. Probably every YouTuber has uploaded this specific video and obviously they have brought a lot of points with respect comparing to a software engineer jobs. But let's understand in this video what all things Devan can actually do and as you all know many people have applied for the beta version of Devan and they have got the access and with respect to that they have created a lot of videos. So we'll just try to get a clear idea like what all efficient task it can actually do. And after understanding all these things, we will be discussing about the pros and cons. And as a software engineer, what you really need to focus to be in the industry with a good demand what all things you can actually do we'll also be discussing about that. So please make sure that it was this video till the end because there will be a lot of things to discuss in this. Okay, so here was the video of the Devin first AI software engineer. We just saw the demo. But just to understand, you can see what is exactly Devon. It is the world's first autonomous AI software engineer. Devon is tireless, skilled, he met equally ready to build alongside you or independently complete task for you to review. So in short, since it is an AI, so it really need to work tirelessly, right? With human beings, it is not possible, right? Now, a very important is over here. With Devan engineers can focus more on the interesting problem statement and engineer teams can strive for more ambitious goals because all the previous problem statements are already solved by the engineers and with respect to that they already have the data code, whatever things are specifically required. So obviously you really need to have a news problem statement to think upon which Devan cannot solve. Whatever things are actually solved, Devan will be able to solve it because they are already trained on that. So this is the most major point. Still, any new thing, any new problem statement that may come, Devin will not be able to solve it because it needs to get trained. It's just like like an AI if it if there is a solution then it will be trained then it will be able to do it okay. Unless and until AGI does not come I don't think so it will be able to do it. Now let's understand about Devin's capability. Okay. Here you'll be able to see we have given Devin the ability to actively collaborate with the user. Devin reports on its progress in real time, accepts feedback and works together with you through design choices as needed. Obviously, as a software engineer, whatever task is required for a software engineer, it is able to do they're working in a collaborative way. They have to make sure that they have all the documentation, sprints, stories needs to be assigned very much in an equal way to all the developers itself. You actually do with respect to the implementation that they have done. So here you can see Devin can learn how to use unfamiliar technologies also. Right. So after reading a blog post, Devin runs control not on model to produce images which conceals messages for Sara. So one of the users they were able to do from this particular blog. Devin can build end and deploy apps end to end. So this was actually possible by Devin. They were able to build and deploy it because already, you know, how to build it and all and how to deploy it, that is the tie end of task. And obviously from the demo that we have seen a couple days back, it has those kind of functionalities. Along with this, whenever we see the next task over here, you can see that Devin can also autonomously find and fix bugs in the code basis. That basically means Devan helps Andrew maintain and debug its open source competitive programming book. So obviously when you have this entire code base, you know, and it is being able to solve it. Okay. And we'll also be seeing there is a something called as a SWE benchmark. Okay. We'll discuss about it. Like in the GitHub open, open issues, like how much it was able to solve, you know. So here, the next task here, you can see Devon can train and fine tune its own AI models. Devon can address bugs and feature requests in open source repositories. Just give the GitHub issues and do the setup and context gathering that is only needed and Devon will be able to do it. Devin can contribute to mature production repositories, which is also very, really good. We even tried giving Devin real jobs on Upwork and it could do those two, right? So if you don't know about Upwork, it is all about freelancing. Now just imagine you don't even have to stay there to do any freelancing work. It can probably consider it. it can probably solve it. And with respect to all this work that you can actually see, all the demo video is actually given and how it was able to do it. Now just by seeing this obviously we can actually see that Devin can really do a lot many things right and if I probably consider a normal software engineer right now what is actually expected in interviews in the future in upcoming one to two years, there will be a lot of expectation. You really need to be a jack of all trades, you know, you should have knowledge with respect to everything. But yes, if there is a problem statement that requires actual research out of box thinking out of box thinking to solve it, then human beings are the best people to solve it. Later on, whatever task are there, whatever repetitive task are there, whatever things that are already implemented, Devin can actually do it for you. Now, this was one of the things, which I was talking about SWE bench. So in the GitHub repository, whatever are the open issues, right? You can probably see World GitHub issues, how much it was able to solve it. So here you can see we evaluated Devin on HWE Bench, a challenging benchmark that asked agent to resolve real world GitHub issues found in open source projects like Django and Skykitla. Devin correctly resolves 13.86%. All the issues end to end, which is quite good. And the previous state of art was 1.96. Now, with respect to all the other tools, like Cloudy 2, SW, Lama 13, BSHW, Lama 7, BGPT, 4GPT 3.5, here you can actually see, you know, the difference is quite huge and Devin is really, really having a good number over here. That is 13.86. Now, you know, this, this really looks, yes, Devin can do a lot many tasks. But as I said, when it comes to problem statement that comes out of the box to solve it, definitely Devan cannot do because they are not trained in those kind of data. But as a software engineer, one thing that you really need to do is that companies will also look at, you know, whether it's their simpler tasks, whether they are common implemented tasks to quickly do it. And when there is some very hard task complex tasks, obviously human will be required. So please make sure that you have skill sets, technologies with respect to the complete 360 degree. So I hope you like this particular video. This was it for my side. I'll see you on the next video. Have a great day. Thank you, Wandaul. Take care. Bye-bye.


 I was 18 years old when I got married. I belonged to a very conservative family, a Beloch family, where good daughters never say no to their parents. My father wanted me to get married and all I said was, if that makes you I'll say yes and of course it was never a happy marriage. Just about after two years of getting married about about nine years ago, I met a car accident. Somehow my husband fell asleep and the car fell in the ditch. He managed to jump out, saved himself, I'm happy for him. But I stayed inside the car and I sustained a lot of injuries. The list is a bit long. Radius, Allah of my right arm, were fractured. The wrist was fractured. Shoulder bone and collar bone were fractured. My whole rib cage got fractured. But that injury that changed me and my life completely was the spine injury. Many people came to rescue, they gave me CPR, they dragged me out of the car and while they were dragging me out, I got the complete transaction of my spinal cord. Those two and a half months in the hospital were dreadful. I was at the verge of despair. One day, doctor came to me and he said, well, I heard that you wanted to be an artist, but you ended up being a housewife. I have a bad news for you. You won't be able to paint again. Next day, doctor came to me and said, your spine injury is so bad. You won't be able to walk again. I took a deep breath and decided it's all right. Next day, doctor came to me and said, because of your spine injury and the fixation that you have in your back, you won't be able to give birth to a child again. That day, I was devastated. I started to question my existence. Why am I even alive? So what kept me going was one day I asked my brothers, I know I have a deformed hand, but I'm tired of looking at these white walls in the hospital and wearing these white scrubs. Bring me some colors, bring me some small canvas, I want to paint. So the very first painting I made was on my deathbed, where I painted for the very first time. What an amazing therapy it was. Without a single word, I could paint my heart out. I could share my story. People used to come and say, what lovely painting. So much color, nobody could see the grief in it. Only I could. And that day I decided that I'm going to live life for myself. I am not going to be that perfect person for someone. I am just going to take this moment and I will make it perfect for myself. That I'm going to fight my fears. So I wrote down one by one all those fears and I decided that I'm going to overcome these fears one at a time. You know what was my biggest fear? Divorce. But the day I decided that this is nothing but my fear, I liberated myself by setting him free. And I made myself emotionally so strong that the day I got the news that he's getting married I sent him a text that I'm so happy for you and I wish you all the best and he knows that I pray for him today Number two was I won't be able to be a mother again and that was quite devastating for. But then I realized there are so many children in the world, all they want is acceptance. So there is no point of crying, just go adopt one and that's what I did I gave my name in different organizations different orphanages and I waited patiently Two years later. I got this call from a very small city in Pakistan I got a call and they said are you money byari? There is a baby boy and would you like to adopt? I could literally feel the labor pain. I said, yes, yes, I am going to adopt him. I am coming to take him home. That day that was two years or two days old and today he's six You know when you end up being on the wheelchair what's the most painful thing? People think that they will not be accepted by the people because we in the world of perfect people are imperfect. So I decided to appear more in public. I started to paint. I have done a lot of modeling campaigns. I decided that I'm going to join the national TV of Pakistan as an anchor person. I became the national Goodwill Ambassador for UN Women Pakistan and now I speak for the rights of women children. I was featured in BBC 100 Women for 2015. I'm one of the first 30 under 30 for 2016. So when you accept yourself the way you are, the world recognizes you. It all starts from within. We have this amazing fantasy about life. This is how things should work. This is my plan. It should go as per my plan. If that doesn't happen, we give up. I never wanted to be on the wheelchair. Never thought of being on the wheelchair. This life is a test and a trial and tests are never supposed to be easy. So when you're expecting ease from life and life gives you lemons, then you make the lemonade and then do not blame life for that. It is okay to be scared. It is okay to cry. Everything is okay, but giving up should not be an option. They always say that failure is not an option. Failure should be an option because when you fail, you get up and then you fail and then you get up and that keeps you going. Embrace each and every breath that you are taking. Celebrate your life. Live it. Don't die before your death. Real happiness lies in gratitude. So be grateful, be alive and live every moment. you